hey youtube this is primetimepokemon I
some free cars through the mail will
open up today not sure who these ones
are from it they did dry p hit you on
the back the envelope go ahead and open
these up and it looks like it's actually
from gamer Lupita 5342 looks like
there's a note on inside and we'll
package a card see if I can get the note
out okay so it says hey primetimepokemon
remember me i did a free cards by mail a
while back ago i wanted to send you more
cards sorry i had to use a different pen
because it just ran out of ink hope you
like the cards and then there is a
pikachu dry so this is the second time
that gamer loopy Lupita sent me these
cars i thought the name sound familiar
so just one package here it looks like
the first card here is a signature card
and that's their youtube channel there
and then here's series of cards there's
open first boundaries clock crossed open
second black and white open third black
and white number to open last reverses
and hollows sloping this one first looks
like it's pretty easy to get the cards
out so there is an oddish pedal ill numa
cryogonal chinchou and a Mienfoo
second package here says to open second
black and white number one started up
this is actually from the black and
white set or step does look like it's
from the black and white set there is a
pan sage pet a lil Tepig pan pour and a
blitzing third package here is black and
white number two so this one has a
sandile Venna pede pede of a little leap
up and a pokemon communication trainer
now we're on to the last one here that
says to open last reverses and hollows
so take a look here looks like there's a
reverse holo dino on it that's the first
card there is a woo back reverse holo
throw fracture which is from the Dragon
vault set and then a very cool-looking
dragonite hollow from the Dragon vault
such as well so thanks a lot to gamer
Lupita 5342 for sending me these free
cards really appreciate it i'll have a
link to your YouTube channel in the
video description this video and then on
my channel I'll have a box there
promoting your channel for a couple of
days after i upload this video to
youtube so thanks a lot everyone for
watching before you go check out all the
links in the video description of this
video and stay tuned for more videos
thank you